feat(exrc): support .nvim.lua (#21436)
neovim/neovim: runtime/doc/quickref.txt

'errorformat'	  'efm'     description of the lines in the error file
'eventignore'	  'ei'	    autocommand events that are ignored
'expandtab'	  'et'	    use spaces when <Tab> is inserted

> 'exrc'		  'ex'	    read .nvimrc.lua/.nvimrc/.exrc in the current directory

Reviewer: We can be vague here, the link to the `'exrc'` option explains details.

```suggestion
'exrc'		  'ex'	    read init files in the current directory
```
